# Qualitative Peer/Self Evaluation

### Name: Fan, Yazhi
### Team Number: 9

(1.) On a scale from 1(poor) to 5(great), please judge the overall performance of your team:
5
(2.) In the table below, identify a major strength of each of your group members in relation to the group’s goals and processes. Provide one concrete example to substantiate your answer. Include yourself!

| Group member's name | Strength | Example |
| ------------------- | -------- | ------- |
|Albrecht, Juan|responsible|likes to finish lab and lab report early|
|Berg, Eric|CAD|designed compeletly customized parts for car|
|Fan, Yazhi|lab report|and worked on updating media on websites|
|Katz, Alex|code|wrote a lot of code in python for milestone 3 and other labs|
|Ou, Christine|verilog code|a lot of experience and knowledge with verilog|

(3.) In the table below, identify a weakness of each of your group member’s in relation to the group’s process. Provide concrete examples to substantiate your answers. Include yourself!

| Group member’s name | Weakness | Example |
| ------------------- | -------- | ------- |
|Albrecht, Juan|NA|does everything to expectation|
|Berg, Eric|NA|NA|
|Fan, Yazhi|code|less experienced with coding|
|Katz, Alex|NA|NA|
|Ou, Christine|NA|NA|

(4.) In the space below, identify approaches your group tried that worked well, and explain why they were effective.
One thing that was really helpful was open lab. Since we cannot bring our robot to work outside, open lab hours are crucial to us.
(5.) In the space below, identify approaches your group tried that did not work well, and explain why they were ineffective.
A bad decision that we made was to procrastinate the lab and lab report until the last minute, so that we did not finish everything on time.
(6.) What can you do to improve your own contributions to the group’s goals and processes in the final part of the semester?
One thing I can improve my contribution is to go to more open labs so that we can finish everything on time.
(7.) Distribute points among the members of your team (not including you); a higher score means they have contributed more towards the team work. **The total points must sum to 1.**
*Example:
Alice: 0.25
Ben: 0.1
Charles: 0.25
Dave: 0.4*

### Scores:
Albrecht, Juan:  0.25
Berg, Eric:  0.25
Katz, Alex:  0.25
Ou, Christine:  0.25

